# CS2 Dumper V2

# Automatic Update of External CS2 Software

This project allows you to update your external CS2 software online without the need for recompilation. The entire process is automated; you will only need the new `.hpp` files generated by the A2X Dumper. Place these files in the "A2X Generate Files" folder and run the Python script to automatically generate the structure list for `Offsets.hpp` (all structures and variables will have the same names and values as the originals). Additionally, the script generates a `.cpp` file that you can implement in your project (the Nlohmann Json library is required), and finally, it creates a `.json` file that should be hosted wherever you find suitable, such as VPS, Host, GitHub, Pastebin, etc. (Curl, CPR, or other libraries are required). You will only need to parse it [base project available here](https://github.com/E0x00000/Auto-Online-Dumper-External-CS2-V2) in your project, compile it, and be happy!

## Advantages
- You do not need to recompile your project for every small update.
- You can integrate more automations to improve the process.
- You can use all the `.hpp` files from the dump or only those you find necessary, everything is done automatically.
- You can share across projects, allowing you to update multiple projects at once without recompiling (except for major updates).

## Disadvantages
- An online computer is required to perform the dump and update it.

## Tutorial
1. Copy the `.hpp` files you want to the "A2X Generate Files" folder.
2. Run `Main.py`. After that, three new files will be created in the root of the folder:
   - **offsets.hpp**: should be placed inside a namespace called `Offset`.
   - **offsets.json**: should be hosted on your server (GitHub, Pastebin, VPS).
   - **set_offsets.cpp**: should be used in your parser function in `offsets.cpp`.

**Thanks to A2X & E0x00000 for the dumper!**

Disclaimer: This project is for educational purposes only. Use it at your own risk. The author is not responsible for any consequences that may arise from the use of this dumper.
